###Credits### 
This project is a one man project from the design to the backend code. It is all made by me Gard. Some icons and pictures has been taken from google.

###INFO### 
This project is not supposed to be used in any large scale application and i do not take responsibility for any issues this may cause. This is a project i made for fun on my freetime to learn my ways around node.js. You may do so on your on risk as this project may run slow. It has not been tested under high pressure and might be badly optimized. Feel free to use the code in its current state, or pick it apart and try to make it better.

###INSTALL### 
you will need node.js installed on you computer for this app to work(https://nodejs.org/en/) when you have installed node, download and unzip this project and CD into the project main directory and run the CMD command: npm install . This will install all the required packages for this to work. Once that is done locate the startServer.bat file in the main directory and run it. This wil start the server. after this you can find the app at the web adress: localhost:3000 . You will need to port forward for other computers to access the website. There are many tutorials on youtube on how to do that if you dont know how. You can change the port to anything you want in the index.js file in the "config" section. Keep in mind this is a VERY alpha stage of the app and you migth encounter bugs and badly written code. This is my first project at this scale. If you do encounter any bugs i would really apreciate if you could let me know at my email: gardsoreng@gmail.com or contact me on discord: Gardi B#1070

##CONFIGS
configuration can be found in the index.js file under the //config section. When updating departments in the cad please also go into this file: public/script/public.js and update the departments there aswell!! This is so that you can actually request the new departments and also so that admins can assign the new department. When adding LEO departments please also add the department in the index.js file in the main directory under config there is a setting called LEODepartments ALL leo departments NEED to be in this setting. Other than that all settings are straight forward and can be edited under the config section in index.js